# Call Transcript - 3011243748037
**Date:** 2025-09-21 at 22:24:07
**Duration:** 0 minutes 0 seconds
**Type:** Unknown Support Call

---

## 📞 Participants

**From:** Unknown (unknown)
**To:** Unknown (unknown)

---

## 📝 Summary

 Hey, how's it going? Hey, Garrett.  Hey, I sent you over a voicemail ticket.  Can you call Vince Brown back for me? I'm in the middle of working on, like, three different things.

**Issue Type:** general
**Resolution:** pending
**Follow-up Required:** No ✅

---

## 💬 Full Transcript

 Hey, how's it going? Hey, Garrett. Hey, I sent you over a voicemail ticket. Can you call Vince Brown back for me? I'm in the middle of working on, like, three different things. I forgot to take myself off the queue. Sure, yeah, Vince Brown. Okay, yeah, I'll give him a call. Perfect. I assigned the ticket over to you. I appreciate it, man. No problem. Oh, fuck. Today's rough, man. Yeah. I just I'm kind of a little bit in shock With that news we just got That is pretty wild Yeah I mean he was one of my good buddies I just had to make a whole bunch of phone calls To Wow A bunch of friends Yeah I let Brad know at least I knew Brad He would hang out with him at 99 1899 so Man so crazy Yeah I let Matt and Sean know And some of our mutual friends from the Willoughby area. Yeah. Yikes. And he, he wasn't working here for a little bit, right? I can't, I, nobody let me know that he wasn't even. Yeah. I think, I think he left like shortly after I did. Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. Wow. But still it's, it's rough, man. Yeah. One of my good buddies. Terrible, terrible news. Yeah, I'm sorry, man. On top of me having to go to a wake and a funeral tomorrow. Oh, no. That's horrible. Like, I'm going to a wake, like, right after work today. That's a lot. I can't catch a fucking break, man. No, it doesn't sound like that. I'm sorry, man. Yeah, Drew said he's going to give us some info, right? If he gets any info on the arrangements. Okay, yeah. good but yeah if you could call vince brown back for me i'd appreciate it man no problem like i said i'm doing three different things and quite honestly i don't think i could deal with vince brown right now no with everything going on absolutely not i will i will take him i'll give him a call right now don't worry all right i appreciate you garrett thank you all right talk to you later...

---

## 🎯 Action Items


---

## 📊 Analytics

- **Sentiment:** Neutral
- **Customer Satisfaction:** 3/5
- **Key Topics:** 
- **First Call Resolution:** No ❌

---

## 🏷️ Tags



---

*Generated: 2025-09-21T22:24:07.881844Z*
*Processor Version: 2.0*
