# Call Transcript - 3019389197037
**Date:** 2025-09-21 at 22:33:11
**Duration:** 0 minutes 0 seconds
**Type:** Unknown Support Call

---

## 📞 Participants

**From:** Unknown (unknown)
**To:** Unknown (unknown)

---

## 📝 Summary

 Thank you for calling Main Sequence Technology.  This is Garrett.  How may I help you? Hey, Garrett.

**Issue Type:** general
**Resolution:** pending
**Follow-up Required:** No ✅

---

## 💬 Full Transcript

 Thank you for calling Main Sequence Technology. This is Garrett. How may I help you? Hey, Garrett. It's Brian Binky. How are you doing today? Good. How are you? I'm doing really well. Hey, okay. I might have – let me just see something for a second. Oh, yeah. I was wondering. I have a question. Sure. Okay. Actually, I see Robin got back to me. Let's see, I'm following up on your voicemail for security reasons. Mark, not visible. Let's see. I wonder if I should write her back. So I have like a million databases. I'm with the Birmingham Group. Okay. And I was thinking I'm going to start a new desk. And I was thinking instead of, you know, having to put together a new database, I'd like to just take one of mine and just clean it out. Oh, okay. And what would be the best way to do it? So if I clean it out, do you mean... Just start it from fresh. So let me just read this. I see that Robin got back to me. Let's see. For security reasons, passwords are marked and not visible, yada, yada, yada. If you don't have the administrator-level user, you can log in. Access system user, manage users. We will need to send you a password reset request. What's your email? I want to send this to you, and maybe you can walk me through this. Okay. G-K-O-M, as in Michael. Okay, one second. Sure. Put this in here. Oop. So, one second. G-K-O... G-K-O-N... M as in Michael. Yep, and then... G... K-O-M like in Michael. Perfect. Y-A-T-I. T-I-M-A sequence. At main sequence. Yeah, main sequence dot net. So G-K-O-M-Y-A-T-I dot net. Okay, so it is G-K-O-M-Y-A-T-I. At main, S-V-Q-U-E-N-C-E dot net, right? Perfect. Yep. Okay. There we go. You should have it in a second. Okay. Okay. Let me just refresh this. There we go. Okay. Database passwords for security reasons. Password is not visible. Where do we set? Okay. Okay. All right. So, yeah, are you able to get into one of those? No, I can't. Okay. Yeah. So, I wouldn't be able to. I have all. I tried one of them. So I guess I got to write her or something. And she's got to. She's going to send you a form shortly. OK. It'll come from William Kubitschek. And it's just signing. You just sign that digitally and letting them know that they can reset your password on the database that you. Sounds good. Thanks. Take care. Bye....

---

## 🎯 Action Items


---

## 📊 Analytics

- **Sentiment:** Neutral
- **Customer Satisfaction:** 3/5
- **Key Topics:** Account Access
- **First Call Resolution:** No ❌

---

## 🏷️ Tags



---

*Generated: 2025-09-21T22:33:11.270927Z*
*Processor Version: 2.0*
