# Call Transcript - 3023808949036
**Date:** 2025-09-21 at 22:36:51
**Duration:** 0 minutes 0 seconds
**Type:** Unknown Support Call

---

## 📞 Participants

**From:** Unknown (unknown)
**To:** Unknown (unknown)

---

## 📝 Summary

 Welcome to Zoom.  Enter your meeting ID followed by pound.  Enter your participant ID followed by pound.

**Issue Type:** general
**Resolution:** pending
**Follow-up Required:** No ✅

---

## 💬 Full Transcript

 Welcome to Zoom. Enter your meeting ID followed by pound. Enter your participant ID followed by pound. Otherwise, you are in the meeting now. You are the first participant. Please stand by. I'm going to turn it over to you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to go ahead and do that. I'm ready. Thank you. I'm going to go ahead and start the recording. okay Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I'm going to go ahead and start the recording. Thank you. I'm going to take a few more minutes. Hello, can you hear me? I sure do. Yeah, okay. How are you? Yeah, I'm fine, thank you. How are you? I am pretty well. I am pretty well. Thanks for joining. Yeah, sorry for late. No problem, no problem. Just wanted to kind of open up a dialogue here to see what you're looking for in a software package, see what initial questions you might have. I have a couple minutes if we want to look at a couple screens. I don't have time for a full demo right now, but I just wanted to kind of have a discovery call, see what you're looking for, and kind of learn a little bit more about your needs. Yeah, sure. So I can just briefly introduce about myself. So, yeah, I'm Emmanuel from Serbia. So, yeah, I'm a full-stack web developer with around 10 years of experience. So yeah, I worked with several tech techs so far. For example, like on the backend side, I worked with Node.js, Python, PHP, and C-Shop. And on the front end, I worked with React, Angular, and Vue.js. So yeah, at this moment, I'm looking for a new position. So yeah, I wanted to contact your company to discuss about potential collaboration if you need any developers. Oh, oh, okay. Actually, that wouldn't be me. Actually, I thought you were looking to purchase our product. That's the avenue through which you came. But what I will do, can I – let me pass your information along to those who are involved in the hiring because I'm in sales, so I have nothing to do with that. But, yeah, I don't know if they have a need, but let me pass your information along to my team, and they'll reach out if they're looking for someone. Yeah, okay. That sounds good for me. Okay. Very well. Very well. I'll send it along. I've got all your info, and I'll share that with the team. Okay. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye now....

---

## 🎯 Action Items


---

## 📊 Analytics

- **Sentiment:** Neutral
- **Customer Satisfaction:** 3/5
- **Key Topics:** 
- **First Call Resolution:** No ❌

---

## 🏷️ Tags



---

*Generated: 2025-09-21T22:36:51.273207Z*
*Processor Version: 2.0*
