# Call Transcript - 3058928457037
**Date:** 2025-09-21 at 23:07:37
**Duration:** 0 minutes 0 seconds
**Type:** Unknown Support Call

---

## 📞 Participants

**From:** Unknown (unknown)
**To:** Unknown (unknown)

---

## 📝 Summary

 Thank you for calling Main Sequence Technology.  This is Tyler.  How can I help you? Hey, Tyler.

**Issue Type:** technical
**Resolution:** pending
**Follow-up Required:** No ✅

---

## 💬 Full Transcript

 Thank you for calling Main Sequence Technology. This is Tyler. How can I help you? Hey, Tyler. Actually, I spoke to you the other day. My name is Chris McConnell with CWP Technical. Yes. Yeah, I hope you're doing well. Hey, just had a quick question for you. I made a ton of changes to the client or the candidate screen where you can customize fields and everything. And I'd like to push that out to the other end users at CWP. And when I go to system and then I go to users and I go to manage users, or I think it's users, copy user settings, my source, the source username, my name's not listed there. Yes. So what you'll need to do is just make yourself a model user real quick. So if you go to System, Users, and then Manage Users, and then select your username. Got it. You'll see under the Security Information, it'll have that Model User section. You would just switch that to Yes and hit Save. Okay. I should be able to now just go back, system, users, copy user settings. And then I hit, so the source is Chris McConnell. Yep. Okay, it's up there now, so we're good. And then what do I do? Do I make a change to, do I select all users for target database, or how do I do it? So what you would need to do is select what you're trying to copy over. So was it just the name record layout that you were copying? That is correct. Okay. So under name, company, position records over on the left there, you'll expand that out. Where it says record slash search layout, you'll just check name. And then over on the right, you'll select all the usernames that you want to copy this over to. Okay. I'll just say all. So the changes that I made were to I added fields, took some things out under personal, added things under like we added a new Zoom info, some new stuff for the Zoom info integration. So that's under name. That would that would fall under name. Is that correct? Correct. OK. OK. Name is anything that like when you click on a name record, anything that pops open on that edit name screen. OK. And then I OK, so I selected name. I selected all the users and just hit save. Yep. Copying settings. close okay all right tyler well listen brother i really appreciate your help again yeah more than happy to if you need anything else just let me know will do have a great one take care you too bye...

---

## 🎯 Action Items


---

## 📊 Analytics

- **Sentiment:** Neutral
- **Customer Satisfaction:** 3/5
- **Key Topics:** Technical Support
- **First Call Resolution:** No ❌

---

## 🏷️ Tags

`technical`

---

*Generated: 2025-09-21T23:07:37.357504Z*
*Processor Version: 2.0*
