# Call Transcript - 3096267393036
**Date:** 2025-12-19 at 20:32:05
**Duration:** 7.0 minutes 32.80799999999999 seconds
**Type:** Unknown Support Call

---

## 📞 Participants

**From:** Unknown (unknown)
**To:** Unknown (unknown)

---

## 📝 Summary

User has 17 tickets to put up and a busy day ahead.

**Issue Type:** account
**Resolution:** pending
**Follow-up Required:** No ✅

---

## 💬 Full Transcript

**[0:00] Speaker_01:** Hey, Tyler, what's up?

**[0:04] Speaker_01:** So, running into a little bit of an issue.

**[0:09] Speaker_01:** Okay.

**[0:09] Speaker_01:** Okay.

**[0:12] Speaker_01:** Because Matt Jacob called me this morning.

**[0:17] Speaker_01:** I don't know if he's still calling me.

**[0:19] Speaker_01:** I don't know if he's still talking about it because I've been testing a bunch of stuff.

**[0:24] Speaker_01:** So, he had an employee that no longer works there.

**[0:29] Speaker_01:** and they have to change the person's password and everything, but it'll still show them logins once a day.

**[0:37] Speaker_00:** Oh, okay.

**[0:39] Speaker_00:** They probably have a they probably have an open session.

**[0:44] Speaker_01:** Oh no, it should lock them out.

**[0:46] Speaker_01:** It's the capture tool.

**[0:49] Speaker_00:** Oh, okay.

**[0:51] Speaker_01:** And even with the password being changed, you can still mess with records in the database.

**[0:58] Speaker_00:** Okay, so I would say that for an immediate thing that they can do, either remove all the...

**[1:04] Speaker_00:** Disable the user.

**[1:05] Speaker_00:** Disable the user or remove all of the...

**[1:10] Speaker_00:** Like, totally lock down their ability...

**[1:13] Speaker_00:** Permissions.

**[1:14] Speaker_00:** Permissions can change as well.

**[1:15] Speaker_00:** Is there a reason they're not disabling them?

**[1:17] Speaker_00:** Because that should happen anyway, but...

**[1:22] Speaker_01:** I told him to disable the user, and he said fine.

**[1:26] Speaker_01:** But normally they just change the password.

**[1:28] Speaker_01:** Okay.

**[1:31] Speaker_00:** Yeah, they should just be disabling the user.

**[1:34] Speaker_00:** I mean, unfortunately, that's not necessarily a bug because they changed the password.

**[1:46] Speaker_00:** Like, it's still going to have that active token.

**[1:49] Speaker_00:** So really, they should be disabling them or deleting them or whatever.

**[1:55] Speaker_00:** but that unfortunately would be a thing that they would still be able to do with those like integrations it probably be similar with API if they're not if they have an active token it would cut them off sooner there but once they establish that connection unfortunately would would be a a potential side effect.

**[2:25] Speaker_01:** But I feel like that's, like, a big...

**[2:27] Speaker_01:** Like, yes, the obvious answer is disable the user, but even with password changes, you would think it would need to...

**[2:40] Speaker_00:** Yeah, like, I understand the, like, concept of that, but it is a like that's not really a like great practice for them to be doing from not disabling them also they're not really supposed to have more active like users in there than the amount that they're paying for so I know but it's still from a security standpoint not good yeah I mean you can put a bug ticket up for it I just am pretty sure that they're going to say just to save the user yeah I think that they're just going to say that that's not really a best practice for what they're doing so but put it up who knows we can have them take a look at it and see what they think I'll add it to my other bug list alright so I have well cause Garrett's put up a bunch of boxes this morning too currently I have 17 tickets to put up so that's gonna be my day fun and then i get to go fix stuff at the house full day for you that's fun well that's that's every day right now yeah i'm sure you're gonna be you're gonna be busy with that stuff i'm sure for a while so yeah home ownership is a a lot i like renting for that exact reason but well just having to go back and forth between the two houses right now.

**[4:42] Speaker_01:** Because we're also in the middle of trying to sell where we're living at now.

**[4:46] Speaker_01:** Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

**[4:47] Speaker_01:** So, it's just, like, my wife's calling me, she's like, well, can you be here this day to, like, walk them through?

**[4:53] Speaker_01:** I'm like, I can't be in two places at once.

**[4:55] Speaker_01:** Like, I can be fixing stuff at the new house, or you're trying to sell both.

**[5:05] Speaker_00:** Yeah, no, I get that.

**[5:07] Speaker_00:** Are you at least able, do you guys have like wi-fi and stuff set up like are you moved in enough to work there no not at the new place yeah no not yet because we we have the internet set up we just have to transfer the service but like once we're like moved in like we have to like pick a day because like i don't have any more days to take off you can't just like do it in the middle of Yeah, and I probably wouldn't use sick time for that, just because I'm sure that you want to save those to make sure stuff comes up.

**[5:45] Speaker_00:** I mean, if you need to like...

**[5:46] Speaker_01:** I think I only have a sick day, if that left.

**[5:50] Speaker_01:** Oh, I don't remember off the top of my head.

**[6:03] Speaker_00:** I'm showing three, unless I missed one, but I'm not that worried about it.

**[6:12] Speaker_00:** You do have three left, but like I said, I probably would save at least two of those because I know you can control your kid getting sick.

**[6:23] Speaker_00:** They've still got a couple months.

**[6:26] Speaker_01:** Luckily, my son's mom is about to have another kid, so she's going to be off for eight weeks.

**[6:33] Speaker_01:** That'll help with that.

**[6:34] Speaker_00:** Oh, that is helpful.

---

## 🎯 Action Items


---

## 📊 Analytics

- **Sentiment:** Neutral
- **Customer Satisfaction:** 3/5
- **Key Topics:** Technical Support, Account Access
- **First Call Resolution:** No ❌

---

## 🏷️ Tags



---

*Generated: 2025-12-19T20:33:04.547591Z*
*Processor Version: 2.0*
